Let's go
Si Jingchen, what the hell are you doing?
I'm just a rag collector, aren't I?
I don't believe you're a rag collector
Master Jiang is so afraid of you
Well, this one.
I do
There is also a powerful identity
What identity?
Shen Yunwei's husband
Oops, say it well, good, good.
I dare not dare not dare
I heard.
In this auction
There are many wonders
And the desire to be long is also in it
As long as you want
I'll buy them all for you! Are you kidding me?
These are all priceless treasures.
You think you've dug out the stall
As long as I want
I will definitely get it
Even if Mr. Jiang is the organizer
He can't give you all these things either.
Let's be realistic, okay?
Don't worry, I have my own way to prepare
You still have a baby
Nurture
You said you were pregnant?
Yes, that was to deceive my mother
What? You're not pregnant?
Sure
You thought you were so good that you could hit it with one hit
If I'm not strong, you'll know if you try it.
Hahaha